## Challenge 2

Deployment transaction: https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0x8c5a0dda1c0aa6b924af027f281a68f2fe4e06fe034208fb3f83bf18a66cba6a
Liquidity removal transaction: https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0xfce5548a75698fa084ae7992df4f1966886d96ce472362b88774afaec06a49ff


For this challenge **I didn’t really have a clue at the start**. But reading the first source text [Understanding Automated Market-Makers, Part 1: Price Impact | Paradigm Research ](https://research.paradigm.xyz/amm-price-impact), I got the idea that the challenge wanted us to arbitrage our way through most of the token’s balance, as it did mention strategies for minimizing price impact by breaking down big orders in smaller ones and allowing arbitrage bots to take profit and return the price to it’s initial value. 
Hence, the main strategy to implement in order to drain the LP’s liquidity, was to swap tokens and arbitrage small amounts every transaction.


### The exploit
The DEX Smart Contract has a fundamental flaw on it’s external state-modifying functions as it does not follow the Guard Check design pattern (Guard Check | solidity-patterns (fravoll.github.io)) – which is a good practice that involves making checks first, state changes second and function interactions last.
The three functions (addLiquidity, removeLiquidity and swap) modify state last at the transaction, meaning any reentrant attack based on fallbacks (as the one implemented for SimpleERC223Token) will be able to act on those functions and expect responses based on the initial transaction state. 
We want to withdraw as much as possible from this pool, so the best practice would be to exploit the removeLiquidity function by deploying a malicious contract that calls removeLiqudity whenever it receives a fallback call.
The irony about this is we can implement a state updater before executing anything inside our tokenFallback malicious function in a way that only the precise amount of fallbacks required to drain the exactly the total amount held gets called.


### Execution strategy
After all the CTF contracts had been deployed, I've deployed the exploit smart contract at [this transaction](https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0xa25b8ed6bf3f2a56b6779c974475c2fa4eee0a76d763357e07b9c803192d3488). 
The first thing done was transfering the token balances to this contract. 
Second the exploit contract gave allowances to the InsecureDex for transferFrom actions meaning that now it was possible to push an Add Liquidity action to the chain.
After that, I, as the owner address, pushed the startRunnig (I know the typo hehe, but changing it would mean changing bytecode)action and that brought a state update required to make reentrancy attacks upon ERC223 fallback calls.
Last but not least, the removeLiquidity action was called and since now the contract had it's reentrancy running status set to true, it pushed the exact amount of reentrant calls to drain all funds [Reentrancy attack](https://goerli.etherscan.io/tx/0xfce5548a75698fa084ae7992df4f1966886d96ce472362b88774afaec06a49ff). 

